I'm sure she's up to something.
I almost forgot.
Where are Soo-ho's clothes?
Oh, that.
It's too dangerous to leave it in here.
Right?
Where do you think is safest?
It's me, son. How did it go?
What do you think?
I put my organs as collateral.
I'll give them one of my kidneys.
And if it's not enough, I'll give them
all of my organs and drop dead.
How could you say that, you brat?
How could you say that to your father?
So why did you have to
get addicted to gambling?
You and your nagging again!
I'll go see you in two days,
so get the money ready.
All right. I'm back with money.
Go back in. I'll be okay.
Constitution Article 32…
…optimum wages
through social and economic means.
All citizens shall have the right to work.
The State shall endeavor to promote
the employment of workers
and to guarantee optimum…
All citizens shall have the right to work.
You should sleep in your room.
The State shall endeavor to promote
the employment of workers
and to guarantee optimum wages
through social and economic means…
Hey, you.
No running.
God, I was so startled.
What's up?
My goodness. So they are
the clothes that guy left behind?
I couldn't just keep them in my room.
I'll take them to the dry cleaner,
so just keep them for the night.
I'll pick them up tomorrow.
Sure, let's do that.
The hall director never comes down here,
so don't worry, and go back to your room.
Thank you so much.
What's that now?
It's sweet potato!
Gosh, you really didn't have to.
I'll put it here, so have it later.
Okay. Thank you.
All right.
Oh, and Soo-ho told me
to tell you thank-you for him.
He managed to get out safely,
and it's all thanks to you.
I mean it.
Come on. I didn't do much.
Don't worry, and go back now.
Okay.
NO NAME